Hi. I have not had a PSA (public service announcement) about this in a long time. It’s about my status quo in the anime community and developer side of the iOS jailbreak community. The problem with the iOS jailbreak community (not necessarily with the anime community) depending on who it is, is people are very snobby, very very sensitive, and a lot of them are super offended very easily and very aggressive. The anime community is slightly less offended but is a bit more snotty and less willing to be ignored. If I said something that offended somebody on iMessage or Twitter that offended them (mostly due to sensitivity, mind you), they really put me on block (Twitter or iMessage) or mute me (Twitter only) if it bothers them that much. People from both communities did this. There are a lot of such problems and it’s pretty pathetic in my opinion. But I just let it go. I thought I was God’s gift but I wasn’t (/s, but seriously). That’s it. I honestly got tired of it and was done with it. I further decided it was time to understand why people are such assholes like this, truth be told.

I decided at one point if I worked at the Hen House (a locally-owned grocery store in Kansas City) for a long time, it would better me, and it did, and I didn’t always get along with everyone, be it employees or customers; I got along with many, but some, not so much. I was so incredibly naïve and ignorant. I really didn’t realize there were so many different personalities, so many different work and worth ethics, and so many backgrounds in every single person I interacted with. The same is true with people on Twitter, r/jailbreak and many anime-communities on reddit, iMessage, etc. If I sent messages that included a link to a person and asked them to RT in that message, they’d tell me to fuck off or go away; but many would RT it out of care and a very friendly, open-minded attitude. I now realize there’s the majority of these communities that are actually really good people with good intentions: almost 80% of them in both places really are good people; at the end of the day they do want have friends (the jailbreak community obviously also wants their devices jailbroken on whichever firmware they want on their iOS device, maybe even dual-booted with CoolBooter, etc), based on interests and hobbies, but unfortunately many get offended if I said or did something that upsets them... even in a subtle way. People DO WANT a thriving, and prospering community where they can talk without being worried of being downvoted over disagreements, without worrying of being banned from sharing things over their past (extremely abysmal included) bad actions and don’t want to be in trouble over something little and insignificant. People do want to talk about a certain anime or manga character without fear of being criticized that I’m a dipshit. But sometimes there are bullies who will destroy even the best and worst of people in any community. Other communities can be extremely toxic and vindictive; luckily these two communities I associate myself with aren’t necessarily one of them, *just like the community of Fairway, most people I knew were friendly and unique* and many of them aren’t assholes and dicks. I’d almost describe the developer-side and of the jailbreak scene as an online Chicago (without the rampant, violent crime, of course!), mainly because that’s what it is if you play your cards right, and don’t fuck up like I did on the Twitter side of the JB tweak dev and anime communities. And the anime community as sort of like an online LA (also without the rampant, violent crime). I know and realize my reputation does not get - nor deserve - the best in most cases to the jb tweak developers and anime fans, but most of these people - from the small level to the most prominent and prolific level - again - they just want to see these communities prosper and bloom well and be getting along with others, they really do. You can see that honestly people are generally very accepting. It is seemingly more friendly in these places and most of the time is mainly vibe-opening and extremely non-discriminatory. They don’t want to fight and have violence (resetting passwords, knock down and DoS down websites and ping them from Terminal on Mac or CMD Prompt on Windows based computers, or MTerminal/MobileTerminal on JB iOS) like what I gave them in the past. This is one of the reasons why I left Twitter (after 8 years) and why I chose to do much better on Reddit, Telegram, Instagram and even Mastodon and other social media platforms (Parler I did well there but at one point I realized it’s mainly a political platform and that’s not quite my type, so politics is not quite my style and that’s why I said goodbye to those... same somewhat similar to Gab, even though I check it frequently). My sentiments on this issue are like how it looks: I just want to fit in IN BOTH COMMUNITIES and be friends with the developers and anime / manga fans as best as I can, there’s more good than bad in the world and in every online community period. Have faith that things will go right and not fuck up.

I hope there’s an understanding here and things will still get better, even when I have not been on Twitter in a long time and I just don’t have any intention of ever returning for the aforementioned reasons. That said, I have intentions of continuing to use reddit, Discord, Instagram, Telegram and Mastodon. There’s a good chance there are people there who will be much more understanding and nobody will be hateful or act stupid. Again, these communities are sort of like an online Chicago (iOS JB tweak dev community) or online LA (anime / manga communities). I’ve been to Chicago as a 25th birthday gift (really only stayed for just 2 days) and was amazed by the awesome and amazing folks from there, and even went out from the InterContinental Hotel at 1-2 AM to see what it was like. I went to the beach AT NIGHT (umm, bad idea, it closes before a bit before dusk). Took pictures and selfies of the Sears Tower and with the peace symbol! The people there are more accommodating and friendly than the people in other cities from the looks of it. And I love it, even though there are some that say “Chicago is a dump”, or “It’s the armpit of the nation.” or something similar to that. That’s a very naïve take on it. I also have been to LA but not in a very long time. But seriously, I cannot ruin my reputation further and don’t want to look a public enemy or anything more than I have already. I don’t want to risk my personal safety for many reasons. I just want a steady, open, friendly and nice community with very nice and friendly people. Merely the feeling of my past serial harassment was awful. I recall boogie2988 and what he went through; I mean, he made a literal CAREER off of online harassment. Now he has more friends than ever imaginable and a JOB. Maybe I can follow a very ￼similar pattern soo￼￼n. Nevertheless, the likelihood of me getting along with people is further obvious, depending on how fast or slow the wounds heal and how damaged the relationship is with a certain person can recover simply with time. Some however will never be my friend. My moronic and very sickening attitude was completely unnecessary, vindictive, cowardly, psychotic, and just awful, I now realize. That is why I still got a very long ways to go. I am dreaming it will come, the day my character is more pleasant and friendly.

I am not doing this for fame or being an attention whore. I really am just reminding those who are still scared of me due to genuine fear-mongering from my past bad actions. It was not acceptable. But it will go away completely at some point. And things will change for the better, and it has happened already.
